Bib Suite is a photo tagging software. You can manually tag a photo with words and/or numbers and create a CSV file to later process these images based on their tags. It was developed with sports events in mind where photos need to be tagged by BIB number or gallery so athletes can find themselves among thousands of pictures. 

Why not AI?
There are AI solutions to tackle this job but in my experience they are still unreliable. AI will often tag bad pictures that should not be tagged at all (bad focus, bad exposure, bad framing). AI will often make silly mistakes like thinking a traffic sign is a BIB tag or thinking any number is a BIB tag, like when a BIB tag has the word 21k written on it and AI thinks this is the athlete number 21 when it's in fact an athelete running a 21k race. Now all of the sudden literally every single athlete is number 21 cause they are all wearing the same plate layout. Facial recognition doesn't perform well for events like triathlon where athletes will be wearing different types of gear throught the event(swimming goggles, swimming cap, helmet, visor and shades). I'm yet to find a fully automated app that can do this job up to a photographer's standards. AI can definetely do a lot,  the challenge is not losing good photos or including bad photos. There are apps that allow for AI assisted manual input, the problem with those is that it comes with all the flaws of a fully automated system while requiring additional verification steps. You're effectively trading "reading the BIB tag" for "reading what the AI thinks the BIB tag is" and that is not exactly beneficial. Support for galleries is also very limited. You could tag a picture as "kids","podium","blue cap","willier bike". Kids is easy for AI but you would probably need a training set for most galleries. AI will also discard good pictures simply because the relevant information is not available in that particular picture. It is quite easy for a human to checkout the previous/next picture and get that information but with AI you would need some sort of facial recognition on top of OCR. It works well sometimes, sometimes it doesn't. I've been dabbling with fully automated an AI assisted since 2018, it's very hit or miss and not up to the standards of many photographers. For those reasons, I will not be baking AI into Bib Suite for now. I'm sure the people over at tensorflow(or something like that) will make software like Bib Suite completely obsolete soon enough. Until then, I'll be using this. It's still experimental but it works, it's multiplatform, it's free and it's open source. Anyone is welcome to contribute but i've built it in two weeks, there's plently of refactoring to be done. 
